Bump minimum macOS requirement to 11.0 (#2170)
microsoft/react-native-macos: README.md

## Requirements

> You can run React Native for macOS apps on Mac devices with versions Catalina (11) or newer.

Reviewer: 11 is Big Sur?
```suggestion
You can run React Native for macOS apps on Mac devices with versions Big Sur (11) or newer.
```
